---
layout: post
title: Baby Head Support Pillow
categories: Parenting
published: true
---

Nine is notthing much when it comes to the amount of money, cupcakes or panties you have. But talking about Babies, the number of nine is quite a lot! Counting amongst our friends, neighbors and colleagues nine babies were born this year. And this number only includes those we are close enough with to actually presenting them with a gift for the new arrival.

As a regular reader of our blog you may have noticed that I have a somewhat recurring theme with clothes for kids - we just happen to already have too much. Particularly the newborn sizes are popular gifts - maybe it is because they are so damn cute and shopping cute things always adds up to the biggest fun.

But I am not the I-give-you-the-27th-onesie-for-your-baby kind of person. I really like useful and individual gifts and therefore I invented the "Wursti".

A "Wursti" is a knitted tube, around 120c long, filled with sheep wool. I make them out of organic yarn. You can put them in the stroller to make your baby's head rest more cosy. Some put the Wursti in the BabyBay or the crib. Its just a special kind of pillow that supports baby's head and gives him a feeling of security.

Later, when the kid is older, like our son, the Wursti becomes a cuddly toy. I am planning to add some feet and eyes to make it look just like a caterpillar...

All the families that received a "Wursti" from us rewarded us with a strange looks at first. It definitely is a toy you have to explain. But a few days  after gifting I got a message from every single mother: They all like the "Wursti" and use it on a daily basis.

I am very happy that my invention turned out to work so well. A lot of people already told me that I should start a "Wursti" business and capitalize on them. But since it takes around 25 hours to finish one it is not hard to imaging the price I would have to charge for it.
