---
published: false
---

##Planning a second baby

I checked the most popular search terms on google around the topic of a second pregnancy. Besides Kim Kardashian, most people look for 
- second baby
- another baby
- second pregnancy
It seems that no one is interested in havin a second kid or another offspring. Everyone is only looking fp the baby related topics. But (spoiler alert) also the second child will grow, run around, bring home strange friends and ask for tuition fee.

I personally do not plan for another sweet bundle to lay around and ask for boobie time. I plan for talks with my kids, for education and for a happy clan with a lot of grandchildren. statistically spoken you will have more grandchildren when you have more kids. Wich is nice when you sit in a retrirement home and the othergrumpy people are jealous about your visitors.

#Is the second pregnancy/delivery easier?

As the person with the uterus i think I have at least 51 percent power of decision when it comes to the "how many kids do we want" talk. Of cours I do think about my body. It is nice to learn that for most oft the woman the second delivery is much easier than the first one. But it scares me that I know at least 3 people in person that suffered with nausea so much more in their second pregnancy than in the first one. Imagine to take care of Kid number one while you hang over the toilet seat vomiting... How did the woman in the past milion years managed this situation while their men haunted the mammoths??? I. have. no. idea.

#Having a bundle of kids in germany

When a joung couple is getting married, we wish them as many kids as you need fpr a soccer team (you need 10 outfield player and one goal keeper). No one gets eleven kids, but beeing fertile is something that is very common as a wish to someone.

But when it comes to the hard reality of everyday life, to the struggle for existence - you get a lot of strange looks when you walk the streets with more than three kids. Beeing a mother and having a career is nearly impossible because of the familiy policies an the ultra traditional employers. We live in a patriarchy society. I as a woman feel that every day. With just one kid you may go "back to normal" (wich meand beeing as powerful as your single/non-parent colegues) in a few years. But with more than one kid you are a risk for every employee. Just imagine that one of the kids gets sick and you stop working to bring her to the doctor...

In german the magic word ist "Vereinbarkeit". That means the balance between familiy and work. For me, the Vereinbarkeit feels like non existent in the moment. Althoug Christoph and I never wanted that, we now live that very traditional role model in wich the man brings the money and the mother changes the diapers. Yes, thats parenting in germany.

As a modern couple we decided to take chances when they are coming around. So Christoph agreed to a very good job offer. But it is clear that this decision is not done forever. When we are done with the baby-making-thing maybe I start to work full time and he stays at home to prepare lunch and help with the homework.

#You never know if you took the right decision

Maybe we get four more kids, maybe Florentin will stay our only child. Maybe we both make fantastic careers, maybe we will live forever in that traditional family constellation and i will die as a sick and heartbroken housewife. But in the moment i feel, that the best thing to do ist talk to each other about our dreams and wishes fpr the future and how we manage to reach them. Without any plans or shedules it comes that we sit at least once a week togheter and talk about everything. From education over problems to the second baby question. Stay tuned for the next news from our family!





