---
published: false
---


##Baby Head Support Pillow

Nine is not much when comes to money, cupcakes or panties. But when it comes to Babyies, nine is a lot! Our friends, neighbours and collegues all toghether got nine babies this year. This numer includes just the people we feel close enough that we wanted to give them a gift for the new arrival.

As a constant reader of our blog you may have realised that I have some issue with kids clothes - we just have too much. Particulary the newborn sizes are popular gifts - maybe it is because they are cute as hell and shopping cute things is big fun.

But I am not that I-give-you-the-27th-onesie-for-your-baby-person. I really like useful and individual gifts. So I invented the "Wursti".

A Wursti is a knitted tube, around 120c long, filled with sheep wool. I make them out of organic yarn. You can put them in the stroller to make babies head more cosy. Some put the Wursti in the BabyBay or the crib. Its just a special kind of pillow that supports babyies head and gives him a secure feeling.

Later, when the kid is older, like our son, the Wursti becomes a cuddly toy. I am planning to add some feet and eyes - just like a caterpillar...

All the families that got a wursti from us at first gave us strange looks. So it's a toy you have to explain. But after a few days I got a message from every single mother: They all like the wursti and use it everyday.

I am very happy to see, that my invention works so well. a lot of people say that I should start a wursti-business and sell them. But it takes about 25 hours to make just one. Just think about the price, den ich dafür verlangen müsste.
