---
published: false
---

##Autumn Activities with a two year old boy
We live in a city. There are less chances to see the season changes than tere are when you live on a small village. So we try to show Florentin the difference between the seasons anyway. 
So now there it is: Florentins second autumn. 
This time last year he just learned how to walk alone. Everytime he could, he run away from us to walk through the dry autumn foliage. He liked the rustling so much. It was a joy to watch him until... he stepped in dog poop for the first time.
Luckily i had a plastic bag with me. So I put the shoes in it. To prevent his feet from the cold i put my own gloves onto his feet. That looked weird in the Kinderwagen but it was ok. After this first time it happend again for like four times. Can you imagine the great joy of scratching dog poop from a kids shoe...

This year, we focus more on indoor activities. 

You can find chestnuts everywhere in Bavaria. So we decided to build something from them. You can very easily drill holes in the chestnuts so you can thread them to a necklace. 

Also we glued stripes of thin Paper to it to buid a rocket. Unfortunately Florentin threw the rocket into a puddle, so the Paper lost some of its color. 

The best outcome from the chestnuts had my mother. She did handicraft with Florentin an made animals with chestnuts and toothpicks. Florentin decided that this is a sheep.

I looked foward to paint with my kid. To prize autumn we collected some pretty leafes while walking. Then I pressed them under a pile of books to make them very flat. A vew days later I layed all the leafes on the kids table and put a big paper on it. I fixed everything with glue strip and then we painted the paper with wax crayons (wich are leftovers from my time at the Steiner School). Look at this great result!

Now I am making plans for snow activities and winter handcrafting. Do you have some ideas form me
